docs(window): Add no data displayed KB (#1562)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/window-does-not-display-child-items-data.md

---
title: The Window does not display its child items data
description: How to ensure displaying the child items data within a Window.
type: troubleshooting

> page_title: The Window does not display its child items data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: The Window Does Not Display Its Child Items Data
```

slug: window-kb-does-not-display-child-items-data
position: 
tags: window, display, child, items, empty, data
ticketid: 1602103
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Window for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description
If you have a component, such as DropDownList, nested within a Telerik Window, you may see a situation where the DropDownList items appear blanked. In scenarios like this, the Window does not display its child component data.

## Cause\Possible Cause(s)
The reason for the issue is that the child component receives its data after the Window becomes visible.

> ## Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Solution

```

> You need to refresh the Window through its `Refresh()` method to have the UI update and the data displayed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh the Window through its `Refresh()` method—this will update the component's UI, and the data will appear.
```

> ### Example

Reviewer: Introducing the example as a part of the solution is enough, you don't need to separate it from the solution through another heading.
```suggestion
```

This example demonstrates the usage of the Window's `Refresh()` method, ensuring the display of child items' data.

> >caption DropDownList inside a Window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption DropDownList inside a Window
```
